December 2007, there was a freshman who implemented the famous optimal methodology, Dijkstra algorithm, on his laptop. After several months, he had created a simulation environment for testing a new deadlock-free automated guided vehicle path planning algorithm with his advisor. On the screen, vehicles, following the new algorithm, were moving forward each second and he was impressed with his own accomplishments. Although the simulator was unsophisticated and he could not have completed the research, this was his first trial as an engineer who grappled with the problem.
At that time I did not know that the research have fostered abilities for becoming a qualified engineer and is related with my graduation thesis and interests. In my humble opinion, validating a theory in reality is laborious, especially, in industrial engineering major because of costs and time limitation. Therefore, people do it by simulation experiments. Contrasting my first simulator, a simulator, I designed and implemented for the graduation thesis, involves better features; not discrete time but event based simulation, uncertainty in resources and fine visualization. In the thesis, I have suggested an online vehicle dispatching and routing algorithm considering conflict between vehicles for a dynamic pick up and delivery problem. The algorithm, including heuristic approach, does not guarantee optimal solutions. However, this research can be a starting point for my future researches. Within two years, I would like to suggest an optimal algorithm and apply it to real world.
For about five years, I have been trained to be a researcher by my advisor, Professor Byung-Hyun Ha. When I became junior, he cast an integrated scheduling of handling equipment at automated container terminals and the research take priority over course works. The more I read papers, the more I felt the necessity for mathematics. I chose mathematics as minor major and Dr. Ha also encouraged my decision. Basic knowledge from mathematics give me chances to understand, think concepts logically and, also, articulate an idea in concise ways. Specifically, set theory helped me to discuss the problem with my advisor and linear algebra provided deeper understanding in network theory (one of classes in grad school). Even though I had not found a proper solution at that moment, I learned ways for judging my assertion objectively and writing a paper during the periods.
Research assistant experience put effective tools into my hand. With LaTex, a document markup language, I could neatly represent mathematical model and other contents in papers. Also, I was impressed when CPLEX, a optimization software package, solved a problem, the production planning of the oil refining industry considering certified emission reduction (thesis of bachelor degree), in few seconds. Among tools I handily manipulate, Python is the most powerful programming language. Devising  a new algorithm, the algorithm was implemented by the language in a short time. Comparing with other algorithms, various libraries in Python, including MS office automation, freed me from tedious and manual works. When I was junior, my team conceived a system which support small and medium-sized enterprises¡¯ cooperation. With a heuristic approach for a combinatorial problem, I developed the system and took part in 3th Korea SCM competitive exhibition.
Considering the fact that I have worked as the researcher since freshman, I seem to be late, but my exertion shows rays of sunshine recently. The first topic I chose after stepping in graduate school is scheduling of athletic shoe assembly lines considering learning effect. The problem was formalized by mixed integer programming and dominant properties was suggested for reducing a feasible region. Also, I presented my research at International Conference on Industrial Engineering 2013. From May 2013, I got down to a PRT project funded by Korea Raiload Research Institute. PRT is abbreviation for personal rapid transit, a new transportation system and services customers like taxi. In this project, I firstly proposed a new algorithm which dispatch vehicles to each customer who dynamically arrive at a station. Not only was the research introduced at 2014 Decision Analysis Symposium, but the paper also was submitted in Journal of the Korea Society for Simulation. I plan to present a further research which including dynamic routing in The Asia Pacific Industrial Engineering and Management Systems Conference 2014 and write another paper based on the graduation thesis for international journal.
I remember that when I started the PRT project, a keyword attracting my attention was ¡®online algorithm¡¯. During my lifetime, I made numerous choices with limited information in a moment. I was surprised that topics in industrial engineering major also include a concept of online decision making. I read papers which deal with dynamic resources allocation in natural disaster situation and in transportation field. Another example is scheduling processor or memory in computers. While I write this essay, my laptop process preemption issue right now. In the future, I want to confront these issues with effective approach such as column generation and network theory. In addition, by validating my methodology through competitive analysis, I will complete the researches.
A global company I would send my resume for the first time is Amazon. Among classes I took, I put my interests on supply chain management and logistics systems. I encountered case studies of Amazon in textbooks. It is this company that has fascinating issues such as inventory management, network design and transportation. From media, I easily heard attempts of the company with well-established information systems utilizing streaming data and Big-data. I sometime imagine that as a member of Amazon, I suggest a predictive model based on data analysis and solve problems associated with SCM.